Can you add a new note to my task "schedule training"?
add KBS class to my calendar for tomorrow from 6pm to 7pm
Can you schedule a meeting with the finance team for next Tuesday?
Can you show me my todo list for next week?
Can you update the due date of my task "order supplies" to next Wednesday?
Can you move my appointment with the doctor to a different time?
Can you cancel all of my tasks related to the hiring process?
Can you show me my todo list for the next 3 days?
Can you show me my todo list for the entire month?
Reschedule my meeting with the client to next Friday.
Remind me to complete my "Project Proposal" task by the end of the day.
Can you add a new task to my list called "write report"?
Can you show me my todo list for the next 6 months?
Can you remind me about my performance review meeting?
Can you move my appointment with the dentist to a different day?
Show me my calendar for the next three months.
Can you add an appointment for me on Friday at 3 pm?
Add a note to my "Performance Review" task.
Update the due date of my "Proposal Submission" task to tomorrow.
Can you set a reminder for me to renew my license next month?
Can you add a note to my meeting with the HR department?
What's the location of my appointment with Sarah?
Can you show me my calendar for next month?
Can you add a reminder for me to submit my expense report by Friday?
Can you delete my meeting with Tom?
Can you show me my calendar for the next 5 years?
Can you cancel all of my appointments for next week?
Can you reschedule my task "attend meeting" to next Tuesday?
Can you add "buy groceries" to my todo list?
Take a note on my meeting with the team regarding the new project.
Can you remind me to review my project budget tomorrow?
Can you schedule a meeting with the CEO for tomorrow?
Can you update the due date of my task "send email" to Friday?
What's on my calendar for next week?
Can you cancel all of my appointments for the next 2 weeks?
Can you remind me about my upcoming vacation days?
Can you move my appointment with Peter to next Tuesday?
Can you show me the status of my project tasks?
Can you add a note to all of my tasks related to the project?
Can you add a new note to all of my tasks related to the annual report?
Can you cancel all of my tasks related to the marketing campaign?
Can you remind me to call Jane at 2 pm?
Can you remind me to submit my performance report by the end of the month?
Can you show me the progress of my task "create presentation"?
Can you show me my calendar for the next year?
What deadlines do i have this week?
What's on my calendar for today?
Can you set a reminder for me to follow up with my client next week?
Can you schedule a meeting with the design team for next Wednesday?
Move my "Marketing Strategy" meeting to a different time.
Can you reschedule my meeting with the sales team to next Thursday?
What's on my todo list for today?
Can you show me my calendar for the next 6 months?
Can you create a new task for me called "book flight"?
Change the date of my "Budget Review" meeting to next Thursday.
Create a new task called "Recruit new team member".
Can you cancel all of my appointments for the next month?
Can you create a new task for me called "review budget"?
Can you update the start time of my meeting with the project manager to 10 am?
Can you show me my todo list for the weekend?
Can you add a new task to my list called "research competitors"?
Schedule a meeting with the Design team for next Wednesday.
Can you delete all of my appointments for the rest of the day?
Cancel all my appointments related to the "Client Visit" project.
Can you schedule a meeting with the customer support team for next Friday?
Modify the time of my "Product Training" session.
Schedule a meeting with the Sales team for next Monday.
What do I need to do for tomorrow?
Can you update the due date of my task "submit report" to next Friday?
Can you cancel my vacation days for next month?
Can you schedule a meeting with the CEO for next Thursday?
Show me the status of my "Team Performance" project.
Can you show me my calendar for the next quarter?
Can you reschedule my meeting with the vendor to next month?
Can you show me all of my tasks that are overdue?
Remind me about my "Product Demo" presentation next week.
Can you add a note to my task "call client"?
What is the closest deadline?
Can you update the description of my task "research new software"?
Can you remind me about my training session tomorrow?
Can you add a new note to my task "send proposal"?
Can you show me the details of my task "prepare presentation"?
Can you show me my todo list for the next month?
Can you mark "finish report" as complete on my todo list?
Can you show me my todo list for the next 4 days?
Can you create a reminder for me to attend the conference next week?
Can you update the start time of my appointment with Bob to 2 pm?
Can you show me my upcoming deadlines?
Can you add a new note to all of my tasks related to the product launch?
Cancel all of my appointments for tomorrow.
Can you add a new task to my list called "create budget proposal"?
Can you reschedule my meeting with the investor to next week?
Can you update the location of my meeting with Jack to the conference room?
What are my appointments for the week?
Can you add a new task to my list called "prepare presentation for conference"?
Can you set a reminder for me to pay my bills on the 15th of this month?
Can you add a new task to my list called "organize company event"?
Can you reschedule my meeting with the procurement team to next week?
Can you schedule a meeting with the IT department for next Monday?
Can you show me my completed tasks for the week?
Can you schedule a meeting with the marketing team for next week?
What are my tasks for the next two weeks?
Can you remind me about my team building event next week?
What's my todo list for tomorrow?
Can you move my meeting with John to next week?
Create a new task called "Review Employee Benefits".
what do i have to do today?
Can you show me my calendar for the next 10 years?
Can you add a new task to my list called "buy a new car"?
Can you remind me about my upcoming deadline for "submit proposal"?
Can you remind me about my monthly team meeting?
Can you move my appointment with the therapist to a different day?
Add a new task to my list: "Research competitors' pricing strategy."
Can you reschedule my meeting with the project team to next week?
Add a note to all my "Team Meeting" tasks.
Can you show me my calendar for next week?
Can you move my meeting with the client to a different location?
Update the description of my "Weekly Standup" task.
Can you add a new task to my list called "organize files"?
Can you add a new task to my list called "paint the house"?
Schedule a meeting with the HR department for next Wednesday.
Can you reschedule my meeting with the legal team to next month?
What's the status of my project?
Set a reminder to follow up with the supplier next week.
Can you update the due date of my task "submit application" to next Monday?
Can you update the location of my meeting with the supplier to their office?
Can you show me my todo list for the next 2 weeks?
Revise the due date of my "Product Launch" task to next month.
Cancel my "Lunch Meeting" appointment for next Friday.
Can you cancel my appointment with David?
Can you move my appointment with the contractor to a different time?
Show me the status of all my incomplete tasks.
Postpone the due date of my "Market Research" task to next week.